3 Pages 
Home, Saved, Searh
Subscription based - cant see entire app

Home:

Search bar first
Dietary preferce
Gallery -
	inspiration
	meal plans
	editors picks
	podcasts
	food stories

Saved - "my good food":
Search saved recipes
make colletions of recipes
sort old to new

Search:
find through ingredients dishes and keywords
search for recipes and recipe collections
search filter - 
	Meal type "baking", "cocktails"
	Total time
	Diet types
	Difficulty
	Cuisine
	Rating
	Servings
	Calories
	Author

Other:
How-to videos
Ask questions
Comment and rate recipes
Keep recipe on-screen with "cook mode"


Comparison:
Home page, saved recipes and search works well. Maybe a shopping list?

A Home page with inspiration and rotating top picks works well however, podcasts, food stories and meal plans arent needed for students.

Having the ability to save recipes and make collections is useful - collections might not be nesescary for students - Maybe could create different sections automatially for different meal types.

For students, the search features doesn't need so many filters. A very useful feature would be the total time filter. 

There mgiht be a use for an equipment page or opening questions so that reipes that reqiure certain equipment aren't shown

APP:

Features - 

	Home page:
		Suggestions and rotating "Top Picks" along with gallery

	Saves:
		Save recipes and find them in their respective sections. Each recipe will also have an average time and cost. 

	Search:
		Find recipes based on things like toltal time, ingrdietns or total cost.

	Shopping List:
		-Search through meals you can add each ingredient to the shopping list, so that ingredients you already have aren't added. 
		-THis will aslo have an average cost for all ingredients. 
		-Ingredients checked off you shopping list will be remembered - the user will be reminded when each item is about to go out of date, even suggesting recipes you can make to use up each ingredient


App costs a few pounds


-The Idea for this app is to base all recipes on cost
-It will look up prices from a local store as to show the cheapest prices at the time
-You can search through different filters such as ingrediates, meal type and cost
-Searching through recipes will provide the meal, the total cost and total time required for the meal
-Each meal can also be quickly modified to serve a different number of people
-You can saved meals from searches, which will be saved in a seperate page to find later on.
-Saves will be collected with there respective types, eg. breakfast, lunch, cocktails.
-In each recipe you will be able to add ingredients to you shopping list
-When shopping, each ingredient can be checked off quickly.
-You can also take a picture of you recipt afterwards, logging the prices of each ingredient
-When an ingredient you have bought is about to go out of date you will recieve a notification, highlighting recipes you can cook with said ingredient.

 
